OK welcome back.
This is my solution to the Section 18 exception handling challenge.
I'm in the Section 18 workspace in the challenge solution project.
And again this is my solution.
There's different ways to do this.
If you did it a different way that doesn't mean it's wrong it's just different.
Post it in and we'll get some comments from everyone.
So in this case let's take a look at what I did.
I've created the illegal balance exception that we had earlier but I changed it a little bit because
what we want now is we want the class illegal balance exception to be derived publicly from stood exception.
OK.
So that takes care of that part.
So now remember an illegal balance exception now is a state exception.
I've got my public modifier here here's my constructor.
I'm just using a default constructor and I'm guaranteeing no exceptions being thrown from it.
I've got a destructor here again a default destructor and here's my virtual what function.
And here's a prototype for it it's virtual it returns a pointer to a character which is a C-style string
and it's Konst the function itself is consomme won't modify anything.
And again I'm guaranteed no exceptions being thrown from here and all I'm returning here is any kind
of C to be a C-style string.
In this case illegal balance exception.
And this is what we're going to print out.
On the other side when we catch this exception and print out the message.
So that takes care of illegal balance exception.
Now let's take a look at insufficient funds exception which is right here.
And neither one of these needs a CPV file because we're doing everything right in here.
So here's the insufficient funds exception.
Pretty much the same pattern.
My class is insufficient funds exception it's derived publicly
from stood exception and I've got an insufficient funds exception.
Again no except default constructor default destructor.
And there's my what virtual function which simply returns insufficient funds exception.
That's it.
Now if I go to my account CBP file you can see here in my account constructor if my balance if I'm trying
to create an account object with a balance that's negative I'm throwing illegal balance exception and
down here my withdraw method if the balance goes below zero.
I'm throwing an insufficient funds exception OK.
That is pretty straightforward.
Now let's take a look at the Main where we can test some of this.
So here's the main.
And what I'm doing here is I'm creating two unique pointers one to Moez account one to Larry's account.
And then the first thing I want to do is I want to try to create Larry's account with a negative balance.
Right now I expect this to throw an exception and I want to catch it right here.
I want to catch the illegal balance exception and just simply print it out.
What right that's going to call my virtual function and hopefully it'll say that I've got a negative
balance or an illegal balance.
So that's one test case here in this case.
I'm going to try to create Mo's account as both savings accounts by the way I'm pretty Moez account
as a savings account with a thousand dollar balance.
And then I'm displaying it.
I expect that to work then I'm withdrawing $500 and displaying it again.
I expect that to work.
Now I'm withdrawing a thousand dollars.
I don't expect that to work.
I expect that to throw an exception because that would create an account now with negative 500 I'd be
overdrawn.
So I don't expect this to display OK.
And this Larrys account here we really don't need.
Sorry about that.
It was a carry over from before.
OK.
So that's better.
So in this case we're going to catch both these exceptions in the legal balance exception and an insufficient
funds exception of either one of them throws then I catch them and just display them.
OK so let's run this.
And here's my output.
First one is I've got an illegal balance exception that's what I expected because I tried to create
Larry's account here with negative balance right.
Then down here remember at this point I don't display Larry's account because it hasn't been created.
So what I do is I just skip down to here and now I'm in this piece of code here.
So the first thing I want to do is I want to try to create Moze account with a thousand dollars and
display it and you could see right here Mo's account with a thousand dollars is no interest rate because
I didn't supply one.
Then I'm willing to withdraw $500 from most account and display it again.
So now you can see my account now has five hundred dollar balance right here.
Now I'm going to try to withdraw a thousand dollars.
That should not work.
So I shouldn't see Mo's account displayed again.
Instead I should get an insufficient funds exception being thrown.
And that's exactly what happens here.
This catch block fires a second catch block and stop what is displaying insufficient funds exception.
That's it.
Most likely your code is very much very similar to mine.
Your test cases may be different but that's OK.
You can test this by using nested trys statements as well you can have one try inside another.
You can try to create the object and then once you've created the object you can create tri statements
within that try statements that are exercising some other withdrawn methods.
So that's it.
Hope you had fun in this section and in this challenge.